index.md, before:

---
layout: index
---

This repository aims to be a public, updatable, version controlled document describing the [TOMCAT beamline](http://psi.ch/sls/tomcat) at the [Swiss Light Source](http://psi.ch/sls).

# Microscopes

* MS1
* MS2
* 1:1-Optics

# Scintillators

       | Thickness (um) | Resolution | Speed
------ | -------------- | ---------- | -----
YAG:Ce | 20  | Good      | Good
YAG:Ce | 150 | Medium    | Fast
YAG:Ce | 300 | Poor      | Very Fast
LAG:Eu | 5   | Excellent | Slow
LAG:Eu | 10  | Very Good | Medium
LAG:Eu | 25  | Good      | Good
CdWO4  | 300 | Poor      | Very Fast 

# Detectors

          | Physical pixel size [um] | Total pixel size
--------- | ------------------------ | ----------------
pco.Dimax | 6.5 | 2048 x 2048
pco.Edge  | 5.5 | 2560 x 2160
pco.Edge  | 4.5 | 2560 x 2160
pco.2000  | ?   | ?


# Objectives

           | Magnification | Numerical Aperture | Field of view (mm2) | Pixel Size (um2)
---------- | ------------- | ------------------ | ------------------- | ----------------
PLAPO1.25x | 1.25 | 0.06 | 12.1x12.1 | 5.92x5.92
PLAPO2x    | 2    | 0.08 |	7.5x7.5   | 3.7x3.7
UPLAPO4x   | 4    | 0.16 | 3.7x3.7   | 1.85x1.85
UPLAPO10x  | 10   | 0.40 | 1.5x1.5   | 0.74x0.74
UPLAPO20x  | 20   | 0.70 | 0.75x0.75 | 0.37x0.37 

# Endstation 1
Mainly used for classic absorption tomography and propagation-based phase contrast imaging

## Fast shutter
This humongous thing that Rajmund mentioned

## Aerotech stage
This is a very fast and stable rotation stage, provided by [Aerotech](http://www.aerotech.com/).

# Endstation 2
Mainly used for differential phase contrast imaging.

Commit message:

Maybe we parse tables correctly like this?

index.md, after:

---
title: This is the title of the page
layout: index
---

This repository aims to be a public, updatable, version controlled document describing the [TOMCAT beamline](http://psi.ch/sls/tomcat) at the [Swiss Light Source](http://psi.ch/sls).

# Microscopes

* MS1
* MS2
* 1:1-Optics

# Scintillators

       | Thickness (um) | Resolution | Speed
------ | -------------- | ---------- | -----
YAG:Ce | 20  | Good      | Good
YAG:Ce | 150 | Medium    | Fast
YAG:Ce | 300 | Poor      | Very Fast
LAG:Eu | 5   | Excellent | Slow
LAG:Eu | 10  | Very Good | Medium
LAG:Eu | 25  | Good      | Good
CdWO4  | 300 | Poor      | Very Fast 

# Detectors

          | Physical pixel size [um] | Total pixel size
--------- | ------------------------ | ----------------
pco.Dimax | 6.5 | 2048 x 2048
pco.Edge  | 5.5 | 2560 x 2160
pco.Edge  | 4.5 | 2560 x 2160
pco.2000  | ?   | ?


# Objectives

           | Magnification | Numerical Aperture | Field of view (mm2) | Pixel Size (um2)
---------- | ------------- | ------------------ | ------------------- | ----------------
PLAPO1.25x | 1.25 | 0.06 | 12.1x12.1 | 5.92x5.92
PLAPO2x    | 2    | 0.08 |	7.5x7.5   | 3.7x3.7
UPLAPO4x   | 4    | 0.16 | 3.7x3.7   | 1.85x1.85
UPLAPO10x  | 10   | 0.40 | 1.5x1.5   | 0.74x0.74
UPLAPO20x  | 20   | 0.70 | 0.75x0.75 | 0.37x0.37 

# Endstation 1
Mainly used for classic absorption tomography and propagation-based phase contrast imaging

## Fast shutter
This humongous thing that Rajmund mentioned

## Aerotech stage
This is a very fast and stable rotation stage, provided by [Aerotech](http://www.aerotech.com/).

# Endstation 2
Mainly used for differential phase contrast imaging.
